(a)

# On branch master
Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.

nothing to commit, working directory clean

(b)

My current git log shows 5 commits -> found with the command <git log>

(c)

from using <git log .gitignore> :

Date:   Thu Jan 10 16:45:38 2019 -0500

(d)

- A branch can be used to make changes that won't change the remote 
repository when you push the master branch in your local repository 
to the remote. 

- A branch can also be used as a divider for work. If there's a specific
task, bug fix, or feature that needs to be included, it can be put in 
its own branch to keep a project organized. 

(e)

- <git log> shows a log of every commit so far in the repository you run 
the command from. It shows who committed when, a unique code for the 
commit, and the message included with the commit.

- <git status> gives an overview of the current changes since the last commit. 
It lists all modified files since the last commit, and groups them into two groups 
- changed that are staged to be added to the commit (added with git add <filename>),
and changes that aren't staged for the current commit. 

(f) 

git log Weapon.h

(g)

git log --grep="file"

(h) 

I. Inheritance in the context of object oriented programming is a paradigm
where subclasses can inherit the member data and member functions of a parent 
class. Special keywords in OOP-oriented languages can designate one class
as a child class of another, and automatically have all parent class data 
on instantiation, plus other added data if desired.

II. Polymorphism happens when a parent class's function is called 
on an array of references to the parent's children. These children can have
different definitions of the parent function, so a line such as 

	list[i] = parentClass->calculatePerimeter()

in a loop can actually call different versions of calculatePerimeter(), depending
on which subclass the current reference in the loop is currently pointing to. 

III. Encapsulation refers to a practice in object-oriented programming where 
member data is made private and made not directly available to any requester 
of the member data. To change or view this data, setters and getters respectively have to
be called as member functions of the class. These setters and getters can include
error-checking logic, or setters and getters may not be implemented at all, if say
for instance they're crucial to the operation of an object, and shouldn't be changed
by external calls to change their data. 

(i)

With a centeralized integration manager, said manager pulls all changes from the developers'
public repositories and resolves the conflicts alone, and then pushes the final product with 
all conflicts resolved to the blessed repository. In a "Dictator and Lieutenants" type workflow, 
conflict resolution is broken up between multiple people. Developers send changes directly to 
lieutenants, who solve conflicts from whatever developers send them code. Then they pass on 
this semi-revised code to a dictator, who finishes up conflicts made from getting all of the
code from all of the lieutenants, and who can then push the changes live to a blessed repository. 

(j)

If there are that many developers working on code, there's going to need to be a lot more intermittent
conflict resolution, communication, and coordination in the development team to be successful. The
centralized workflow only allows for one person to resolve conflicts, whereas the dictator and 
lieutenants workflow has multiple people resolving conflicts in varying scopes. Many lieutenants can 
work on slight differences and contradictions in files, whereas higher-level lieutenants or the
dictator can resolve conflicts across multiple files or directories not agreeing with each other. 

RoleGame OOP Principals:

The prototype of the game is using both polymorphism and encapsulation. 

Since the members name and hitPoints
in the Weapon class are protected, they can't be changed by any function that isn't a member function of class 
Weapon or any of its subclasses - meaning trying to reference this member data in a function like main directly 
through the dot operator would result in a compiler error. The static WeaponFactory instance is private as well, 
and can only be called through WeaponFactory:: .

The prototype makes use of polymorphism in the simulateWeapon function. The pointer weapon is of type Weapon, 
but each call to weapon->hit(armor) is bounded to a different subclass's definition of hit(armor) at runtime. 
This means instead of instantiating static subclasses in main, the pointer weapon* can point to instance of a 
subclass, and a call like main->simulateWeapon->weapon->hit(armor) calls different subclass functions depending 
on which subclass the (class Weapon) pointer weapon* is pointing to. 